Update WP troubleshooting for new leeway guidance (#8879)
auth0/docs: articles/cms/wordpress/troubleshoot.md

1. View the user's profile and scroll down to the bottom
1. Click **Delete Auth0 Data** and confirm

> Keep in mind, if you have 2 user accounts in Auth0 with the same email address, this error message will persist. We recommend looking into [user account linking](/users/concepts/overview-user-account-linking).

Reviewer: Should this be a `::: note  :::` ?

> Keep in mind, if you have 2 user accounts in Auth0 with the same email address, this error message will persist. We recommend looking into [user account linking](/users/concepts/overview-user-account-linking).

Author: ```suggestion
::: note
If you have 2 user accounts in Auth0 with the same email address, this error message will persist. We recommend looking into [user account linking](/users/concepts/overview-user-account-linking).
:::
```

## How can I redirect the users to a specific URL after login?

> Please note that all redirects are checked using `wp_safe_redirect()` before being performed. If you're trying to redirect to a domain that is not your main domain, add that domain to the check using the core WordPress `allowed_redirect_hosts` filter ([documentation](https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/hooks/allowed_redirect_hosts/)).

Author: ```suggestion
::: note
All redirects are checked using `wp_safe_redirect()` before being performed. If you're trying to redirect to a domain that is not your main domain, add that domain to the check using the core WordPress `allowed_redirect_hosts` filter ([documentation](https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/hooks/allowed_redirect_hosts/)).
:::
```
